Implement new closure system for mixing closures in SCM. (#32221)
idaholab/moose: modules/subchannel/doc/content/source/scmclosures/SCMMixingKimAndChung.md

# SCMMixingKimAndChung

!syntax description /SCMClosures/SCMMixingKimAndChung

## Overview

!! Intentional comment to provide extra spacing

> This closure class is used to model the turbulent mixing coefficient $\beta$ using the Kim and Chung corelations. Specifically this closure model applies to triangular and quadrilateral assemblies with bare pins. Citations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This closure class is used to model the turbulent mixing coefficient $\beta$ using the Kim and Chung correlations. Specifically this closure model applies to triangular and quadrilateral assemblies with bare pins. The implementation followed:
```
